[upload, download] - fix bugs with lists (#3614)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## Unreleased
* Fixed an issue where **validate** falsely failed with error `DS108` on descriptions ending with brackets that contains a dot at the end of them.

> * Fixed an issue where the **upload** failed when trying to upload a `List`.
> * Fixed an issue where the **download** would skip downloading `Lists` that are assigned to specific user roles with no roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the **upload** failed when trying to upload a list content item.
* Fixed an issue where the **download** would skip downloading list content items assigned to specific user roles with no roles.
```

## Unreleased
* Fixed an issue where **validate** falsely failed with error `DS108` on descriptions ending with brackets that contains a dot at the end of them.
* Fixed an issue where running **validate -g** failed reading a `.pack-ignore` file that contained only newlines and spaces.

> * Fixed an issue where the **upload** failed when trying to upload a list content item.
> * Fixed an issue where the **download** would skip downloading list content items assigned to specific user roles with no roles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **upload** failed when trying to upload a list-type content item.
* Fixed an issue where **download** would skip list-type items assigned to specific user roles with no roles.
```

![image](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/assets/81086590/cd2b0525-c0b8-4c26-b53e-b1e4dfd17274)
